# huntthewumpusRemake

For this project the goal was to remake a Hunt the Wumpus game with my own spin on it. In the original, the player navigates caves trying to avoid the "Wumpus" and attempting to kill it, aided by text messages that tell the player whether or not they are close to the Wumpus. The game also contains bottomless pits and bats that are trechorous and tricky in their own ways. The game was created in 1973 by Gregory Yob and is often seen as an early precursoor to the survival horroo genre. Yoob was inspired to create a game that wasn't grid based, and chose the dodecahedron to house the wumpus and caves because it was his favorite platonic solid and he used to have a kite in the same shape. For my game, I wasn't entirely sure what I would be able to create to be quite honest because I wasn't familiar with Lua or tic80. I had hoped to create a game that functioned on the same premises where a player would traverse through unknown locations, (unknown meaning that every space could contain an enemy of some sort) aided only by a text messagee that functions as a sort of sixth sense for the player. I struggled to remake theshooting mechanism to function how I imagined it, so rather than presenting a broken shooting model, I decided to scrap it and change the goal of the game to simply getting past the wumpus to a goal area, like solving a maze. Because avoiding the wumpus is easier to do than to kill it, (guessing a direction that more likely than not doesn't contain a wumpus), I added 3 wumpus to my game to garuntee an increase in difficulty and coonfusion.
